# Assignment5_Maze
I modeled my maze game after a cave because there is always a claustrophobic and liminal feeling of a cave. This feeling of a cave is just like the feeling of a maze. I also chose a blue colour for the crystals because it feels more magical and bright. Finally, I made a miner in overalls because it is the iconic look for a cave miner. 

For this assignment, I used Pixilart because I already had experience of using this website, and it also had a nice UI. I also used Unity because it is the required game engine that we had to use, and it is also very user friendly. Finally, I used github because it was the required website, and because it is very easy to use and is very convenient.

For my maze game, I downloaded every sprite and image I drew. Then, I imported my assets by clicking "Assets" in the top left corner and then selected "import new asset". Once I added all of my assets to unity, I draged them in one by one, starting with my background, then the obstacles and finally the character. I added 2d polygon coliders to the crystals and the miner, and made their layer "Foreground". I changed the background to be a background layer.

A problem I faced was making the design for the character and images. I had the main cave theme in mind, but I had a hard time modeling the miner sprite and drawing the crystal. So for some guidance, I looked at some images online for some inspiration and it helped me a lot in the designing process. Another problem I had was aplying the layers and adding the polygon coliders. I got some help from Ms.Terkper, but my progress was not saved and Ms.Terkper was not there on Wednesday, so I got some help from my friends and I was able to get the layers and formating correct. 
